well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so uh today we're going to talk about
splash mountain
because that's a debate in this country
now
if you don't know disney has decided to
rebrand splash mountain and make it
about princess and the frog
okay that has turned into a debate
um so to recap
a private company has decided to rebrand
their own property in a manner that
makes it reference something from this
century
increase customer satisfaction and make
it more appealing to
to their guests that that's what's
happened
it's just good business sense this is
why disney
dominates the planet
so somehow this turned into a national
discussion
now stick with me i know there's people
saying but wait there was a reason
there is the the right-wing outrage
machine
told a bunch of people to be angry about
it now
the original inspiration theme of splash
mountain had to do with song of the
south and let's just say yeah it's got
some issues
okay great but it was rebranded to
reference something
modern reference something from today
companies rebrand
all the time daily companies are
rebranding stuff
did anybody care when uh mcdonald's
got rid of the clown and went with the
box with the little smiley face on it no
of course not
but people care about this why
why why do you care specifically about
this incident
uh the answer may surprise you either
it's because you were told to be angry
about it you want to play out your part
in the culture war
or you're a racist
that's the only reason you would care
song of the south has some issues it's
going away
it's being rebranded the fact that
companies rebrand their stuff all the
time
is nothing new so it's not something
being rebranded that bothers you
it's the fact that something with some
racist imagery is going away
yeah you you want to uphold systemic
racism you want to uphold those things
that tell
those other people y'all better stay in
your place
it's the only reason to be mad about
this this is a private company
doing what they feel is best for their
customers
and you have an issue with it because i
don't know
maybe you you don't want those folk at
disney world
another subset
of questions related to this is where
does it end
it doesn't it doesn't end this will
continue to go on forever it always has
society humanity we try to move forward
yes every once in a while there comes a
group of people that
claw at the ground and they have to be
drug forward by their ankles so we can
move forward as a species that's where
we're at right now who do you want to be
there are major political figures right
now upset
over a theme park rebrand
that should show you how ridiculous this
the conversation has gotten in this
country
is there anybody who thinks the average
child today going to disney
would rather have arrived reference
song of the south
instead of princess and the frog anybody
actually believe that
no nobody does nobody genuinely believes
that
they're upset because they were either
told to be upset or they don't like the
idea
of getting rid of that imagery because
they want it surrounding everybody
if you had an issue with this you are
the problem with this country you're the
reason we can't move forward
you're the reason they can't just get
over it
it's a children's ride
being rebranded to meet up with a modern
cartoon
and somehow this is an affront to your
sensibilities
this doesn't end it continues once we
solve the race issue
we're going to solve all kind of other
problems we are going to continue as a
species as a society
to clean up the messes that were before
us
all that stuff that got left behind
we're going to try to fix it it's what
we do
it's how we move forward if you have an
issue with this occurring
at a children's park you are the problem
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day